Update create-first-function-vs-code-java.md (#119366)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/create-first-function-vs-code-java.md

    |Prompt|Selection|
    |--|--|
    |**Select a language**| Choose `Java`.|

>     |**Select a version of Java**| Choose `Java 21`, `Java 17`, `Java 11` or `Java 8`, the Java version on which your functions run in Azure. Choose a Java version that you've verified locally. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |**Select a version of Java**| Sets the Java version on which your functions run in Azure. Choose a Java version that you've verified locally. Supported versions are `Java 21`, `Java 17`, `Java 11`, and `Java 8`.|
```
